What are you afraid of?
I have to open it and take a look
Don't move me
What the hell is this?
What is this?
Hey, what's the matter with you, cousin?
Don't scare me, are you being too cruel?
Isn't that what you said?
The discount is seven inches.
That being said
You say you are too caring
I actually stole such a trick
I just can't swallow this breath
OK
If you are beaten to death, you don't need to eat
You just don't want something.
But you are useless
A virtue
Just know to spend Lao Tzu's money
Dare to disobey
Hmm you Paige bastard
If you kill you, you don't have to eat
Kill you father let you talk
Humph
Mom, I'm sorry, your mom can't support you
Or I will divorce him
Duoduo, don't hate your mother
Don't hate dad either
When you grow up, you can earn money to support your father
Your dad won't hit you again. I'm going to kill him when I grow up
No, he's your dad
You child
What's wrong with hitting you twice?
Shen Jiang, you are a girl
When you have children in the future, you won't believe him
While your dad is asleep now
Get up, slowly and obediently
Why is this child so stubborn?
Get up! No
Hello mom, hello Duoduo
I sent Tang Zhigang to prison
What? He's your father?
You're better than a dog. No one wants a piece of junk
You actually sent your own father to prison
Do you think he is a human being?
Hey hey